---
title: New Movie/Show Reviews
date: 2026-05-30
draft: true
tags:
    - entertainment
---
## Spider Noir

I guess a retelling of Spiderman set in the 30s or something?  Wouldn't know because I tuned out after the first 5 minutes on account of how bad the special effects were.  Too bad because I was really looking forward to the new Nick Cage joint.

## The Punisher: One Last Kill

Decent!  A nice little mini-story serving as an appetizer to something more substantial that will hopefully come in the future.  Punisher S01 was awesome (S02, on the other hand, just ok), but if this latest installment is characteristic of what yet's to come, I'm looking forward to it.  Nice action sequences, btw.

## Crime 101

Meh.  Just meh.  The DOP deserves plaudits for making a very visually striking movie, with nice use of colored lighting and very coherent action sequences.  Also, the editing was good and the film never felt like it dragged.  The acting?  Also generally acceptable.  I suppose the problem was that it was just so forgettable.  If you're into crime movies and you have some time kill and are really bored, then I suppose it won't hurt to watch it, though.

## Project Hail Mary

A technically perfect movie.  This is how sci fi should be done.  A serious movie that doesn't take itself too seriously.  It has a long run-time but was totally engaging and well-paced so I was engaged throughout the whole thing.  A must-see.

## Over Your Dead Body

Couldn't tell you because I checked out after 5 minutes or so.  It's shot in that weird Hallmark style where everything looks too good.  Right up front, I also wasn't impressed by the acting or the script, so I smashed `CLOSE` on my media player pretty fast.  Oh well.

## Master of the Universe

## Mortal Kombat II

## On My Radar

* Rick and Morty: New season!  I'm waiting til it's binge-able.
* From: Season 4.  Also waiting until it's binge-able.
* Disclosure Day: New Spielberg joint with Emily Blunt.
* The new Scary Movie: Needs no intro.